2023-02-02 20:02:18.184475: So the first question is do you do self-reflection in your day life? Yes. So if you do, it is for what purpose? Like... I think I can improve what I did before. Like maybe I can come up with like better solutions to the challenges I encounter. The world where you show your purpose of reflection on the internet or just for yourself for your self-review. Like based on the content, it's like two hours and I won't show. It's like a beneficial to other people and pose it online. So what is the difference of the experience of self-reflection when you do today compared with your previous experience? For today, especially for the ones with like higher intelligence, they could come up with some words to encourage me. And though some of my words have like a mixed feeling or even positive, it always transfer it to a positive tone. I feel it's quite impressed and inspired by the robot. Like the robot is positive. I show that I'm from India. So do you think this is good or it's not good? I think it's good. Everyone could face troubles in their life but they need to have like a great mindset. And the robot itself is like telling you that your mind size is good itself. Like they are trying to like convince you that you are a positive person and things that you encounter in life are the things that could help you to improve yourself. Where does this make you feel loose of control or is it okay for you? I think it's okay. Like what the robot does is just simply give me suggestions. I could like feel control with my real actions. So can you describe your overall feeling across this for a condition? Like how do you compare use of voice and use of visual? How do you compare the low intelligence and the high intelligence of the chagibiti? Like compare between visual and the audio. For the visual, I only need to spell like five seconds to see through all the contents. So I could have like a clearer picture of what's self-rellection I made and what the chagibiti do. So in contrast to the audio ones, at first I think of this as like a positive tune. Then after five seconds when the audio plays to the letter parts, then between my changes. So like my mind size also changes. So this is a kind of thing. It's like interesting. Like maybe it also encouraged me to think more and to imagine what the robot will say next. So did you speech change across these different scenarios? Like when you use different output and use different intelligence robot, will you dab your speech like in speech complexity or speed to match the output and match the intelligence? I think my input doesn't change. Like during the past 10 minutes, like my English ability and my ability to express my ability is a good change and I feel mean to like change anything. Like the system. I also don't feel like the system encourages me or asking me or like I'm not inclined to change my expression. Do you feel the current like the time waiting for the response is too long or is it okay for you? I think if multitasking then maybe it's okay. But if I'm really like focusing on doing self reflection, it won't be okay for me. Like staring at glasses and something doing that. So like did you notice the waiting time is a little bit long because you are single speech or single comments it's long. So have you noticed that? Or do you think the more you speak for a single time then it takes more time to give you a response? I guess I have a clear perception of this because sometimes like the speech recognition system will run. So I don't know which part takes longer. So if the waiting time is long, will you because like let's say if the input is long then you need to wait for a long time then will you reduce your single choice like your single comments. It's amazing because it's self reflection sometimes I have longer thoughts. Maybe it's encouraging to make it shorter but I mean sometimes it's like instant feelings and it's quite hard to have it in short term. So did you meet any issues when you interact with the AI agent on the smart glasses in terms of the interaction issue or something else? Anything? I don't think there's any issue because you're there to help yourself. Just to give you the easy to interact with such a system on smart glasses. Yeah I think you just press the button twice and they can do that. Now how do you do yourself reflection per mistake? Is what kind of device or you just take some nose or rise in battery on your mobile? I mean I used mobile phones or laptops. So how do you compare the extra appearance on smart glasses or on your smartphone? I think it's much more convenient because sometimes I have some instant feelings that have sent the voice messages to my friends and my instant feelings could get quite sparse or unorganized but it could like touch my report like my tone. If I'm excited or depressed like the content itself is really unorganized but the smart glasses can come in and organize my thoughts and replace the words that are not that appropriate. It has its advantage over the previous try. So how do you compare the audio and the visual modality? Which one is more suitable for what type of text? What type of text? Text. Text. Like response. What type of text? You mean with audio offer or the text offer which I prefer? Yeah. I guess it depends on what activity and conduct it. If I mean to use my eyes to look at the glasses coming or not then I'm going to use the audio. If I mean to use my eyes to look at the glasses coming or not then I think the audio one will be better because it doesn't look in the computer. I think it offers the option to change between the audio, the audio and the visual output would be better. The audio output block your attention to your surrounding environment. Yeah. I feel it can interfere with my working. It's very severe. Do you think if we have a sparse text space, is that better? It might decrease the text density. Is that what that would be helpful? It won't make much difference between the audio. You can hear towards your view to you. If you do that, it might finish. it makes your visual lose its advantage to show all the context. So you like to show the whole context. Hold the whole text. Like it's your advantage visual, but if you make it sparse, then it loses advantage. So you like the high density too. I would say that I like it. Sometimes I like to see everything on the same time. Sometimes it really interferes with my primary tasks and I prefer to see them as content. My primary task is also, but with all respect my own. I'll always have higher power. And did you notice the difference between the high and low intelligence of the AI? Yeah, I feel quite obvious because the low intelligence just reports what I said. The function to summarize just puts everything together. But the higher intelligence one is, it's really great. And I think more content especially at the end of my reflection, it's always encouraging. Because I didn't say the worst of encouragement by myself. Is this an intro? It's an exciting thing. And I need to not stop you myself and try on your things. So you like the high intelligence one? Yeah, it can give me more inspiration and encouragement. Okay, thank you.

AI:
Questions & Answers:
Q1: Do you do self-reflection in your day life?
A1: Yes.

Q2: If you do, it is for what purpose?
A2: To come up with better solutions to the challenges I encounter and to have a positive mindset.

Q3: What is the difference of the experience of self-reflection when you do today compared with your previous experience?
A3: For today, especially for the ones with higher intelligence, they could come up with some words to encourage me and transfer my thoughts to a positive tone.

Q4: Do you think it is good or not that you are from India?
A4: I think it's good. Everyone could face troubles in their life but they need to have like a great mindset.

Q5: Does the waiting time for response make you feel lose of control or is it okay for you?
A5: I think it's okay. What the robot does is just simply give me suggestions. I could like feel control with my real actions.

Q6: Can you describe your overall feeling across this for a condition?
A6: I feel impressed and inspired by the robot, and as it plays, my mindset also changes.

Q7: Does your speech change across different scenarios?
A7: My input doesn't change. But my English ability and ability to express my ideas has changed.

Q8: Do you notice the waiting time is a little bit long?
A8: Yes, I have a clear perception of this because sometimes it takes longer to get a response.

Q9: Are there any issues when you interact with the AI agent on the smart glasses?
A9: No, I don't think there's any issue because this system is helpful and easy to interact with.

Q10: How do you do yourself reflection per mistake?
A10: I used mobile phones or laptops.

Q11: How do you compare the extra appearance on smart glasses or on your smartphone?
A11: It's much more convenient because it can organize my thoughts and replace the words that are not appropriate.

Q12: Which one is more suitable for text response, audio or visual?
A12: It depends on what activity and conduct it. If I mean to use my eyes to look at the glasses coming or not then I'm going to use the audio.

Q13: Do you prefer high dense text or sparse text?
A13: I would say I like high density text because it can show everything on the same time and it's easier to see the context.

Q14: Did you notice the difference between the high and low intelligence of the AI?
A14: Yeah, I feel quite obvious because the low intelligence just reports what I said while the higher intelligence gives more inspiration and encouragement.

Summary: The interviewee discussed their experiences with self-reflection, their thoughts on the use of both audio and visual modalities, their preference for high density text, and any issues with the AI agent on the smart glasses. They noted that the higher intelligence of the AI provides more inspiration and encouragement, which is beneficial for self-reflection.