2023-02-03 02:34:39.396129: Do you do self-reflection in your data life? Sometimes, but in my mind, I will never write it down or say it to myself. So it's just for personal review, it's not for sharing or anything. But in life, we have a weekly plan, so every time I just read, I respect the past week. And for the next week, but this thing is only for the past and the next, these two weeks. So what is the difference when you, unlike between the self-reflection you do today with the smart glasses? And compare with your previous experience to do the self-reflection? I think if it's in the mind, so you can do it anywhere, anytime, especially when you wait for waiting. So waiting in the line or waiting for the past, it's just several minutes. And I'm using this with more formal, it's like you find a specific time for doing these things. And you plan to do it and you do it because I need to connect with this. I use this device and just speak it out. You are also considered about the surroundings. There's someone's passing by or some things. And it feels a bit weird to like speak out the personal diary. And it'd be more weird to hear from audio to see that it's kind of like your mom when you're in front of your face. Okay. So, okay, like experience your own feeling across this different order condition. You try different output channel and you also try different level of the AI intelligence. So, like what is your own or feeling towards the four conditions? Overall, I think the texture on the screen is more nature interaction. I can go through the whole paragraph to see in a short time. But if it's repeat in audio, it means I will spend at the same time. I will spend like two times or twice time for this recording. I need to speak it for one time and I need to hear the timeline is the same. And for the intelligent, the high level is more close to what I'm meaning. But at the low level, we'll see some things that are related to my diary. And then not that mentioned, give me more like in spite. For example, for the high level one that I said that I work for the whole day and it generates a specific time like 9am to 9pm. Kind of sick, kind of cracked. Remind me to maybe I could add more time or a more dimension for the information I improve for the story. And when you try to do the self-reflection in different conditions, will you change the way of speaking with different kind of systems? For the first time to do these things, I still try to get familiar with this. So I did not change kind of strategy for the taking diary. For this for type of diary, I think the information I input is kind of similar. Or do you prefer to say a long sentence or each time or do you prefer to split the content into several pieces? I think speaking and writing down is different. Speaking, I prefer to complete one thing one by one, but if you write it down, you could have a list to separate them and also have a subtitle or something like this. Speaking is like storytelling, you just have a beginning and as more details to one thing and when it finishes you, maybe you just come out with some other ideas and you will jump to that place. So you will say until you finish this content, you need to say that. Every time the system will spend some time to process or request, do you think the waiting time will affect your speech? If I finish one reflection for one thing, the whole thing, then wait for some time is a fall goal. But if I just need to see several things, but they have some connection, but once I finish one sentence and I wait for the time, during this waiting, I may have come out with other things, but I'm still waiting. So it's kind of interrupting my question, which is back for some story or other things. for the feedback of the first item. I think I can continue to speak during this waiting time. OK. And do you meet any issue with the interaction, design, or the text generation process? Just the next part and the more button, some way it's a bit confusing. And I prefer to start a new detection. And also end up the detection by using the same button. Like press the next to for the start and also for the end. Yeah, currently they are. But you said that if you want to add more, it's click more. So there's more and the next kind of some same function to start detecting. Actually, that button is just to tell the activity all you're going to do, because every time you say something, and before, what you really speak, I will attach a task description before what you say. For the next, the prefix will be, I want to start a new reflection item. And for the more, it will add something like, I want to get more of this topic. More blocks. Do you think that it's reasonable or you just want to keep one button? I think that it's reasonable, but sometimes you get familiar with this. You just need a training session for this. OK. I think that's all. Thank you. OK.
2023-02-03 02:34:39.397415: Human:   Do you do self-reflection in your data life? Sometimes, but in my mind, I will never write it down or say it to myself. So it's just for personal review, it's not for sharing or anything. But in life, we have a weekly plan, so every time I just read, I respect the past week. And for the next week, but this thing is only for the past and the next, these two weeks. So what is the difference when you, unlike between the self-reflection you do today with the smart glasses? And compare with your previous experience to do the self-reflection? I think if it's in the mind, so you can do it anywhere, anytime, especially when you wait for waiting. So waiting in the line or waiting for the past, it's just several minutes. And I'm using this with more formal, it's like you find a specific time for doing these things. And you plan to do it and you do it because I need to connect with this. I use this device and just speak it out. You are also considered about the surroundings. There's someone's passing by or some things. And it feels a bit weird to like speak out the personal diary. And it'd be more weird to hear from audio to see that it's kind of like your mom when you're in front of your face. Okay. So, okay, like experience your own feeling across this different order condition. You try different output channel and you also try different level of the AI intelligence. So, like what is your own or feeling towards the four conditions? Overall, I think the texture on the screen is more nature interaction. I can go through the whole paragraph to see in a short time. But if it's repeat in audio, it means I will spend at the same time. I will spend like two times or twice time for this recording. I need to speak it for one time and I need to hear the timeline is the same. And for the intelligent, the high level is more close to what I'm meaning. But at the low level, we'll see some things that are related to my diary. And then not that mentioned, give me more like in spite. For example, for the high level one that I said that I work for the whole day and it generates a specific time like 9am to 9pm. Kind of sick, kind of cracked. Remind me to maybe I could add more time or a more dimension for the information I improve for the story. And when you try to do the self-reflection in different conditions, will you change the way of speaking with different kind of systems? For the first time to do these things, I still try to get familiar with this. So I did not change kind of strategy for the taking diary. For this for type of diary, I think the information I input is kind of similar. Or do you prefer to say a long sentence or each time or do you prefer to split the content into several pieces? I think speaking and writing down is different. Speaking, I prefer to complete one thing one by one, but if you write it down, you could have a list to separate them and also have a subtitle or something like this. Speaking is like storytelling, you just have a beginning and as more details to one thing and when it finishes you, maybe you just come out with some other ideas and you will jump to that place. So you will say until you finish this content, you need to say that. Every time the system will spend some time to process or request, do you think the waiting time will affect your speech? If I finish one reflection for one thing, the whole thing, then wait for some time is a fall goal. But if I just need to see several things, but they have some connection, but once I finish one sentence and I wait for the time, during this waiting, I may have come out with other things, but I'm still waiting. So it's kind of interrupting my question, which is back for some story or other things. for the feedback of the first item. I think I can continue to speak during this waiting time. OK. And do you meet any issue with the interaction, design, or the text generation process? Just the next part and the more button, some way it's a bit confusing. And I prefer to start a new detection. And also end up the detection by using the same button. Like press the next to for the start and also for the end. Yeah, currently they are. But you said that if you want to add more, it's click more. So there's more and the next kind of some same function to start detecting. Actually, that button is just to tell the activity all you're going to do, because every time you say something, and before, what you really speak, I will attach a task description before what you say. For the next, the prefix will be, I want to start a new reflection item. And for the more, it will add something like, I want to get more of this topic. More blocks. Do you think that it's reasonable or you just want to keep one button? I think that it's reasonable, but sometimes you get familiar with this. You just need a training session for this. OK. I think that's all. Thank you. OK.
2023-02-03 02:35:26.515331: Questions asked:
1. Do you do self-reflection in your data life?
2. What is the difference when you, unlike between the self-reflection you do today with the smart glasses? And compare with your previous experience to do the self-reflection? 
3. What is your own feeling towards the four conditions?
4. Do you prefer to say a long sentence or each time or do you prefer to split the content into several pieces?
5. Every time the system will spend some time to process or request, do you think the waiting time will affect your speech?
6. Do you meet any issue with the interaction, design, or the text generation process?
7. Do you think that it's reasonable or you just want to keep one button?

Answers:
1. Sometimes, but in my mind, I will never write it down or say it to myself. So it's just for personal review, it's not for sharing or anything. But in life, we have a weekly plan, so every time I just read, I respect the past week. And for the next week, but this thing is only for the past and the next, these two weeks.
2. I think if it's in the mind, so you can do it anywhere, anytime, especially when you wait for waiting. So waiting in the line or waiting for the past, it's just several minutes. And I'm using this with more formal, it's like you find a specific time for doing these things. And you plan to do it and you do it because I need to connect with this. I use this device and just speak it out. You are also considered about the surroundings. There's someone's passing by or some things. And it feels a bit weird to like speak out the personal diary. And it'd be more weird to hear from audio to see that it's kind of like your mom when you're in front of your face.
3. Overall, I think the texture on the screen is more nature interaction. I can go through the whole paragraph to see in a short time. But if it's repeat in audio, it means I will spend at the same time. I will spend like two times or twice time for this recording. I need to speak it for one time and I need to hear the timeline is the same. And for the intelligent, the high level is more close to what I'm meaning. But at the low level, we'll see some things that are related to my diary. And then not that mentioned, give me more like in spite. For example, for the high level one that I said that I work for the whole day and it generates a specific time like 9am to 9pm. Kind of sick, kind of cracked. Remind me to maybe I could add more time or a more dimension for the information I improve for the story. 
4. I think speaking and writing down is different. Speaking, I prefer to complete one thing one by one, but if you write it down, you could have a list to separate them and also have a subtitle or something like this. Speaking is like storytelling, you just have a beginning and as more details to one thing and when it finishes you, maybe you just come out with some other ideas and you will jump to that place. So you will say until you finish this content, you need to say that. 
5. If I finish one reflection for one thing, the whole thing, then wait for some time is a fall goal. But if I just need to see several things, but they have some connection, but once I finish one sentence and I wait for the time, during this waiting, I may have come out with other things, but I'm still waiting. So it's kind of interrupting my question, which is back for some story or other things.
6. Just the next part and the more button, some way it's a bit confusing. And I prefer to start a new detection. And also end up the detection by using the same button. Like press the next to for the start and also for the end. Yeah, currently they are. But you said that if you want to add more, it's click more. So there's more and the next kind of some same function to start detecting. 
7. I think that it's reasonable, but sometimes you get familiar with this. You just need a training session for this.

Summary: In this interview, the participant discussed their experience with self-reflection and how it has changed with the use of smart glasses. They discussed the four conditions that they experienced and how they felt about them, as well as their preference for speaking or writing. They also discussed the issues they had with the interaction design and text generation process, as well as their opinion on the use of the same button for starting and ending a reflection.
