2023-02-03 02:38:58.353120: Do you do any self-reflection previously in your daily life? I don't do self-reflection, but I do use the, in the board camp, which generally, earlier we used to use the board camp. I just type whatever I did, then I just recall whatever I did, sometimes I feel like, I think I do kind of in that way. When I feel it, I have one of the short self-reflection. Yeah. Okay. So what is the difference between today's experience with your previous self-reflection? I think the previous one, sorry, I generally do it easier because it's short, and I just recall whatever I did, and part of that I may have notes, right, but whatever the, today one is just, I have to again go through the holes, because this is speaking. Speaking, yeah, I don't use the short, when you speak here, you feel, naturally, you need to elaborate a bit more, because if it is typing, I don't elaborate anything. I just consider the summary only, because you just use void format. But when you use this voice, I think you don't do that, because in the voice, you feel it's more natural to speak. Yeah. So I think there is the main difference. Okay. So was your aura of failing cross this different condition? Like you experienced two levels of intelligence, and you also tried to output channels to get information. I think the intelligent, I did not feel it's that or intelligent, but I think the last session, it was maybe more creative, but it does not matter, it's still the average. I don't want something like this. Yeah. Intelligent noise. I think maybe at least in the scenario, I prefer not intelligent at all, because whatever I write is better than it's just writing something, which is elaborate, because in the day, I won't facts, not like whatever the things, creative things, because the facts are the most important. The system should present the fact as it as you can. So do you want to get any inspiration from the system? Why do I need, if it is a daily diary, why do I need the inspiration from the system? To inspire you, like help you to remind you something. No, no. If it's a, say, I feel like, no, I don't want any inspiration from the system. I want to be it's a diary show, maybe in short format and long format. Maybe if I, yeah, I think, let's say this way, if there are two formats, like two depth, short one and long one, in the long one, maybe inspiration can be helpful, but by default, I prefer the short one initially. There should be two levels. The first level should be short one. Short one definitely, you know, it should be at least whatever I said or less than whatever I said, not more than what I said. Audio voice versus visual, I think, I think in the diary reflection, I think audio is better than visual some more because visual is too cluttered because in the audio one, I know exactly what I did. So it just remind me whether I did or not. Then if I won't, I can't use the audio and tilt. Even if it's long, I don't need to, like, I don't think I need to, like, remember all of them at once. Even temporal, like, if you see, clearly, I think it's fine. So I think in this scenario, I prefer the audio or the issues for the self-reflections on diaries. Okay. Do you face any issues with the interaction? Yeah, it's very confusing in Asia because it's not too many people. The one you don't see, first things you don't see immediate feedback. That is one thing. The other thing is even if it does not give any response, there is no feedback. So I don't like it. I think the audio also, like, if it is transcribing, the visual feedback is fine. Maybe instead of just visual, maybe I'm not sure whether the system is understood or triggered. Or not, right? Which shows, like, processes of time, it's strong. I don't know if it's processing or not. Maybe I think maybe having a background noise or something, you see, could be better than just showing, you know, I can completely ignore it. And apart from that, I don't know when it will stop. So at least it can tell me, estimated time, then it would be better. How long will it take to give me the response? No, it's takes too much time. It takes some feedback. And will you change the way of speaking? Will you, like, use different kind of systems in different conditions? Will you change your way of speaking? Sorry. Will you change the way, change your speech on the different conditions? The way you speak? Like, the speed, the content dance, something like this. Will you change it? Or it just... When I speak for the stage... For the four sessions? No, I don't think... No, no, I won't change anything. No, I will keep the same. So what do you think about the waiting time? Will that affect your speech? Yeah, definitely. I don't want to wait that long. Any suggestions to make use of that time or improve the system? I think at least if there is nothing, just give me some feedback. Background will go something else. Apart from that, maybe... Maybe because if it is a diary... So I speak something and I am waiting for response. Maybe it can show some things related to a stressed area or something. This is what I did... Oh, summary of what I did before. You want to gather feedback immediately, because sometimes you are multitasked. Do you multitask? Do you want your gathering? Just feedback immediately or it's okay to give you later. No, even if it is multitasking, it depends on which one is my primary task. If my accident is because the primary task, then I need the response immediately. If this is not the primary task, then I don't care. So what scenario do you think this system has an advantage in? Like you can. It's better for you to take the diary. I don't know. I don't think multitasking will do something like this. Like wait for a pass, wash your hands, working. No, no, I don't know. I don't know this voice, something like this, in this thing, I am waiting for a bus. In public, right? This is a diary. It should not be something. If it is a message, I don't care what it is. If nobody is wrong too. If there is a home, if it is a home, then maybe if I do some house course, then I can use this one. Because house course, you don't need the resources much. You can just do the cleaning and stuff and then do the composing. Then I think that it will have an advantage. Others, scenarios, I'm not sure. Because I can't use this one if I'm conversing with someone else or something like this. I'm saying this thing.
2023-02-03 02:38:58.353949: Human:   Do you do any self-reflection previously in your daily life? I don't do self-reflection, but I do use the, in the board camp, which generally, earlier we used to use the board camp. I just type whatever I did, then I just recall whatever I did, sometimes I feel like, I think I do kind of in that way. When I feel it, I have one of the short self-reflection. Yeah. Okay. So what is the difference between today's experience with your previous self-reflection? I think the previous one, sorry, I generally do it easier because it's short, and I just recall whatever I did, and part of that I may have notes, right, but whatever the, today one is just, I have to again go through the holes, because this is speaking. Speaking, yeah, I don't use the short, when you speak here, you feel, naturally, you need to elaborate a bit more, because if it is typing, I don't elaborate anything. I just consider the summary only, because you just use void format. But when you use this voice, I think you don't do that, because in the voice, you feel it's more natural to speak. Yeah. So I think there is the main difference. Okay. So was your aura of failing cross this different condition? Like you experienced two levels of intelligence, and you also tried to output channels to get information. I think the intelligent, I did not feel it's that or intelligent, but I think the last session, it was maybe more creative, but it does not matter, it's still the average. I don't want something like this. Yeah. Intelligent noise. I think maybe at least in the scenario, I prefer not intelligent at all, because whatever I write is better than it's just writing something, which is elaborate, because in the day, I won't facts, not like whatever the things, creative things, because the facts are the most important. The system should present the fact as it as you can. So do you want to get any inspiration from the system? Why do I need, if it is a daily diary, why do I need the inspiration from the system? To inspire you, like help you to remind you something. No, no. If it's a, say, I feel like, no, I don't want any inspiration from the system. I want to be it's a diary show, maybe in short format and long format. Maybe if I, yeah, I think, let's say this way, if there are two formats, like two depth, short one and long one, in the long one, maybe inspiration can be helpful, but by default, I prefer the short one initially. There should be two levels. The first level should be short one. Short one definitely, you know, it should be at least whatever I said or less than whatever I said, not more than what I said. Audio voice versus visual, I think, I think in the diary reflection, I think audio is better than visual some more because visual is too cluttered because in the audio one, I know exactly what I did. So it just remind me whether I did or not. Then if I won't, I can't use the audio and tilt. Even if it's long, I don't need to, like, I don't think I need to, like, remember all of them at once. Even temporal, like, if you see, clearly, I think it's fine. So I think in this scenario, I prefer the audio or the issues for the self-reflections on diaries. Okay. Do you face any issues with the interaction? Yeah, it's very confusing in Asia because it's not too many people. The one you don't see, first things you don't see immediate feedback. That is one thing. The other thing is even if it does not give any response, there is no feedback. So I don't like it. I think the audio also, like, if it is transcribing, the visual feedback is fine. Maybe instead of just visual, maybe I'm not sure whether the system is understood or triggered. Or not, right? Which shows, like, processes of time, it's strong. I don't know if it's processing or not. Maybe I think maybe having a background noise or something, you see, could be better than just showing, you know, I can completely ignore it. And apart from that, I don't know when it will stop. So at least it can tell me, estimated time, then it would be better. How long will it take to give me the response? No, it's takes too much time. It takes some feedback. And will you change the way of speaking? Will you, like, use different kind of systems in different conditions? Will you change your way of speaking? Sorry. Will you change the way, change your speech on the different conditions? The way you speak? Like, the speed, the content dance, something like this. Will you change it? Or it just... When I speak for the stage... For the four sessions? No, I don't think... No, no, I won't change anything. No, I will keep the same. So what do you think about the waiting time? Will that affect your speech? Yeah, definitely. I don't want to wait that long. Any suggestions to make use of that time or improve the system? I think at least if there is nothing, just give me some feedback. Background will go something else. Apart from that, maybe... Maybe because if it is a diary... So I speak something and I am waiting for response. Maybe it can show some things related to a stressed area or something. This is what I did... Oh, summary of what I did before. You want to gather feedback immediately, because sometimes you are multitasked. Do you multitask? Do you want your gathering? Just feedback immediately or it's okay to give you later. No, even if it is multitasking, it depends on which one is my primary task. If my accident is because the primary task, then I need the response immediately. If this is not the primary task, then I don't care. So what scenario do you think this system has an advantage in? Like you can. It's better for you to take the diary. I don't know. I don't think multitasking will do something like this. Like wait for a pass, wash your hands, working. No, no, I don't know. I don't know this voice, something like this, in this thing, I am waiting for a bus. In public, right? This is a diary. It should not be something. If it is a message, I don't care what it is. If nobody is wrong too. If there is a home, if it is a home, then maybe if I do some house course, then I can use this one. Because house course, you don't need the resources much. You can just do the cleaning and stuff and then do the composing. Then I think that it will have an advantage. Others, scenarios, I'm not sure. Because I can't use this one if I'm conversing with someone else or something like this. I'm saying this thing.
2023-02-03 02:40:22.345193: Questions & Answers:
Q: Do you do any self-reflection previously in your daily life?
A: I don't do self-reflection, but I do use the, in the board camp, which generally, earlier we used to use the board camp. I just type whatever I did, then I just recall whatever I did, sometimes I feel like, I think I do kind of in that way. When I feel it, I have one of the short self-reflection. 

Q: What is the difference between today's experience with your previous self-reflection?
A: I think the previous one, sorry, I generally do it easier because it's short, and I just recall whatever I did, and part of that I may have notes, right, but whatever the, today one is just, I have to again go through the holes, because this is speaking. Speaking, yeah, I don't use the short, when you speak here, you feel, naturally, you need to elaborate a bit more, because if it is typing, I don't elaborate anything. I just consider the summary only, because you just use void format. But when you use this voice, I think you don't do that, because in the voice, you feel it's more natural to speak.

Q: Was your aura of failing cross this different condition? Like you experienced two levels of intelligence, and you also tried to output channels to get information.
A: I think the intelligent, I did not feel it's that or intelligent, but I think the last session, it was maybe more creative, but it does not matter, it's still the average. I don't want something like this. Yeah. Intelligent noise. I think maybe at least in the scenario, I prefer not intelligent at all, because whatever I write is better than it's just writing something, which is elaborate, because in the day, I won't facts, not like whatever the things, creative things, because the facts are the most important. The system should present the fact as it as you can.

Q: Do you want to get any inspiration from the system?
A: Why do I need, if it is a daily diary, why do I need the inspiration from the system? To inspire you, like help you to remind you something. No, no. If it's a, say, I feel like, no, I don't want any inspiration from the system. I want to be it's a diary show, maybe in short format and long format. Maybe if I, yeah, I think, let's say this way, if there are two formats, like two depth, short one and long one, in the long one, maybe inspiration can be helpful, but by default, I prefer the short one initially. There should be two levels. The first level should be short one. Short one definitely, you know, it should be at least whatever I said or less than whatever I said, not more than what I said.

Q: Audio voice versus visual, I think, I think in the diary reflection, I think audio is better than visual some more because visual is too cluttered because in the audio one, I know exactly what I did.
A: So it just remind me whether I did or not. Then if I won't, I can't use the audio and tilt. Even if it's long, I don't need to, like, I don't think I need to, like, remember all of them at once. Even temporal, like, if you see, clearly, I think it's fine. So I think in this scenario, I prefer the audio or the issues for the self-reflections on diaries.

Q: Do you face any issues with the interaction?
A: Yeah, it's very confusing in Asia because it's not too many people. The one you don't see, first things you don't see immediate feedback. That is one thing. The other thing is even if it does not give any response, there is no feedback. So I don't like it. I think the audio also, like, if it is transcribing, the visual feedback is fine. Maybe instead of just visual, maybe I'm not sure whether the system is understood or triggered. Or not, right? Which shows, like, processes of time, it's strong. I don't know if it's processing or not. Maybe I think maybe having a background noise or something, you see, could be better than just showing, you know, I can completely ignore it. And apart from that, I don't know when it will stop. So at least it can tell me, estimated time, then it would be better. 

Q: How long will it take to give me the response?
A: No, it's takes too much time. It takes some feedback.

Q: Will you change the way of speaking? Will you, like, use different kind of systems in different conditions? Will you change your way of speaking? 
A: No, I won't change anything. No, I will keep the same. 

Q: So what do you think about the waiting time? Will that affect your speech?
A: Yeah, definitely. I don't want to wait that long. 

Q: Any suggestions to make use of that time or improve the system?
A: I think at least if there is nothing, just give me some feedback. Background will go something else. Apart from that, maybe... Maybe because if it is a diary... So I speak something and I am waiting for response. Maybe it can show some things related to a stressed area or something. This is what I did... Oh, summary of what I did before.

Q: You want to gather feedback immediately, because sometimes you are multitasked. Do you multitask? Do you want your gathering? Just feedback immediately or it's okay to give you later.
A: No, even if it is multitasking, it depends on which one is my primary task. If my accident is because the primary task, then I need the response immediately. If this is not the primary task, then I don't care.

Q: So what scenario do you think this system has an advantage in? Like you can. It's better for you to take the diary.
A: I don't know. I don't think multitasking will do something like this. Like wait for a pass, wash your hands, working. No, no, I don't know. I don't know this voice, something like this, in this thing, I am waiting for a bus. In public, right? This is a diary. It should not be something. If it is a message, I don't care what it is. If nobody is wrong too. If there is a home, if it is a home, then maybe if I do some house course, then I can use this one. Because house course, you don't need the resources much. You can just do the cleaning and stuff and then do the composing. Then I think that it will have an advantage. Others, scenarios, I'm not sure. Because I can't use this one if I'm conversing with someone else or something like this. I'm saying this thing.

Summary: The participant discussed the benefits of audio feedback over visual feedback while doing self-reflections in a diary. They noted audio feedback is more effective because it allows them to remember what they did, while visual feedback is too cluttered. They also talked about how they would use the system in different scenarios, such as when multitasking or when doing household chores. The participant concluded that audio feedback was the best option for diary self-reflections and suggested background noise or estimated times to be added to the system to improve it.
